# Elevator
# Building Builds a building given a minimum floor, a maximum floor, and an array of # elevators. We then built a department
# This task deals with the offline problem of elevators, for the purpose of # # # # # simplifying the problem we have divided the problem into stages. First we built a #department
# Section which creates sections of readings. The variables of the department are: #list of readings, condition, minimum, and maximum, number of stops, and the floor # # where the Section ends. We then built an Elevator class which builds an elevator. # The elevator has an array of Sections that it must perform, so the class variables # are: floor time at which the elevator will complete all readings, index, stop # # # time, movement start time, opening time, closing time, maximum, minimum, speed, # # id, Sections list. We then built a department
# Control which creates Sections by the slowest elevator. The imitation is that a # # call enters a section only if its source is within the minimum and maximum range # # of the section, and that both are in the same direction, and that the elevator # # # reaches the call in the section only after the call is read. The department # # # # creates elevators and sorts them by speed and assigns a number of Sections to each # elevator. Finally, takes all Sections and updates the list of readings according # # to the elevator assigned to Section. The variables of the class are: building and # reading list. We then built a main class, which reads the file calls to a function # that updates the list of readings and then writes the readings to the file.
# Serves:Tal Stamker id:207019472, niv motilsky id:205785926
